# IBQ Mobile Garage

##### This is the garage functionality that I built for IBQ's mobile platform in the Auto line of Business. This project was built using React Native, React Native Maps, Google Maps Geocoding API, Node.js, Express.js, BodyParser,and MongoDB. I then took the front end components I built for this as well as the back end model and routes and turned it into a small portfolio project. Therefore, I am using expo to run this on my local environment.  

##### In IBQ's mobile platform after a user selects their vehicles, they then have to assign a garage to those vehicles. A user enters Address, City, State, and Postal Code then we are grabbing the latitude and longitude coordinates from the GeoCoding API and passing them to the React Native Maps(our working Beta is currently only supported on ios). The user then is taken to a confirmation page where they are able to confirm the vehicles and the garage. This is where I am doing my back end work, as once the user selects to confirm the DB is queried for vehicles by the current quote number(the quote number is static in this project but in the actual application it would have been the first thing entered). The vehicles and garage are then displayed and thus confirmed by the user. 

##### If one of the vehicles is pressed this would direct the user back to that vehicle to edit it. However for the sake of this simple repository it is not mimicking that behavior. I did not create the CSS for our actual application and thus did not bring it over into this one therefore, the styling is a little lacking. 